[DOC] Harmonizes Governance Documents (#678)
ME-ICA/tedana: CONTRIBUTING.md

(kept up to date by the [all contributors bot][link_all-contributors-bot]).
You can see [here][link_all-contributors-bot-usage] for instructions on
how to use the bot.

> All contributors are welcome to make a statement of how they feel they've

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We encourage all contributors to write a brief statement and self-describe how they feel they've
```

> contributed, showcased [here][contributions.md]!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
contributed, showcased [here][contributions.md].
```
